Not all upgrades are immediately available. As you become more experienced you will be given access to them.
If you'd like to try mining then you'll need more experience to see mining related upgrades.
When a new upgrade becomes available you'll be notified. Check out the station's upgrade list for these.
Afterburners are a decent way of getting around quick. But be warned, they use more fuel.
Thrusters help increase your turn speed.
If you need to repair your ship simply dock and choose repair from the trade computer.
Some say there are stable wormholes around but not many who use them divulge their whereabouts.
If you like mining make sure you buy the best tractor beam. You'll yield ore quicker.
Want to see what other ships are carrying in their holds? Buy a cargo scanner.
In combat a lot? Buy a ship combat scanner to quickly see the opponent's shield and hull readouts.
If you mine a lot, look into buying a range asteroid scanner.
If you fight a lot, why not buy a shield generator.
If you're finding engaging your split drive takes longer than you want, buy split setting upgrades.
want to turn whilst splitting? Buy a difference computer.
If you want fuel to last longer, why not buy a fuel manifold.
If you're in combat a lot, why not buy an ECM upgrade to destroy missiles before they hit you.
If you use missiles a lot, you might find the missile auto reloader handy.
Why not buy some data discs from your local station's upgrade screen?
Think you're not getting enough for your missions? Buy a haggle skill upgrade and you might get more.
If you want to read some background, get a data disc at your local station.
Tired of flying manually? Get an autopilot and let the computer take control.
Want to know more about your fellow station dwellers? Buy a bio reader and find out.
Always make sure you have enough fuel for your journey. You travel very slowly on an empty tank.
Try to avoid the nebula clouds, they slow your ship down and might damage you.
Try and learn some routes through the nebula. They might come in handy one day.
If you have a substantial criminal record it might be an idea to find a pirate station and get it expunged.
There are a few pirate stations littered around the systems. They show up as red stations in the map.
Want to change your ship's registration ID? Why not? Find a pirate station and ask around.
Sometimes a ship will drop not only its cargo but a few handy upgrades too.
Your game is auto saved each time you dock as soon as you have no active missions.
If you want to see where your money's going then buy a credit history upgrade from your local station.
