I remember hearing a story one day. I was on a station and had somehow lost all my credits in a gambling casino. I was about to be thrown down into the 8th levels where only drug addicts, crack-whores and religious zealots live, when I ran into an old man of who looked well over 100. 

He reprimanded me quite severely for running into him but, provided I bought him a drink, would forgive me. I had no money so hoped he would forget about this by the time we reached the bar. When we did I wished I hadn't; it was smoky and smelt of stale sika. He proceeded to buy me a drink of bumble-juice and finally started talking. He spoke very quietly and I didn't hear him at first due to a combination of music and a very verbose fight behind us. He spoke as if talking to himself and didn't look to see if I was listening.

He spoke of a planet he used to live on. The soil was a deep red and the sky had three moons on the horizon. There were no plants to speak of but there were small quadrupeds, crab like creatures and lots of bugs. For the life of me I can't understand why he'd have any fond memories of this planet, but the more he spoke of it, the more emotional he got.

From what I discerned from his babble he used to have a small farm on the southern continent. A farm growing what he never said, but apparently it was very productive and quite famous. He made a lot of money but always gave most of it away to the local charity funds or some such. He never specified how much but by the look of him I guess not much. He was about to marry and had planned the wedding for a good 6 months when the a call from the radio came in. The local town was in a panic and ran for any cargo ships they could get to. Apparently a small outbreak in the northern continent had caused mass-panic. They'd heard of something happening some 5 or 6 lightyears off but didn't think anything would happen to them. The outbreak had taken on the form of a deadly toxin. Anyone who came into contact with a victim would die minutes later. Animals, bugs, people would fall dead. The planet was under a mass panic and evacuation was supposedly under way. 

At this point he ordered us another two drinks and remembered his to-be wife fondly. He drank his shot and didn't say anything for a good while. I thought he might be asleep with his eyes open but as if he could read my mind, began talking again. The local government was nothing to speak of so the evacuation was badly organised. Two local evacuation cargo ships were available for his area but they were overrun by people fleeing from other areas. In the confusion of trying to rescue himself and his wife-to-be to the ship he fell and slipped into unconsciousness. When he awoke he was aboard an evacuation ship slumped in a corner. His fiancee was nowhere to be seen. When the ship docked with a station some 3 hours later he was taken into the medi-bay and treated. Nobody knew where his fiancee was or had seen her get onto the ship before takeoff. 

For weeks he checked manifest logs and station docking checklists but could find no mention of her. Finally he gave up hope and moved to the station I was on to spend his savings on booze and VR machines. After he ordered his final drink and left I felt quite sleepy so left to find a quiet corridor I could retire for the night. It wasn't a nice story but a story none the less.