//begin
// [x] 1 - "Ok, I'll help."
// [x] 2 - "I can't right now, maybe later."
//end


// dialog script file
@S // dialog startup entry point
other:Well, well, we finally meet.
ego:Indeed. You're not quite what I expected.
other:Yes, some find it strange a droid is leading the resistance.
other:Though droids have as many rights as organics.
ego:I'm not here to talk semantics, I'm here to help you out.
other:I understand. Firstly, well done for getting here.
ego:It took some time to get the damn clues and the password.
ego:What's up with that password?
ego:A little cliche isn't it?
other:It has more than one meaning, Mr. Falcon.
other:Anyway, enough of that. We need your help again.
ego:Go on.
other:I'm sending your ship's computer a datadisc.
other:It has info retrieved from a damaged datadisc found floating in space.
other:I'll let you read it later, but for now I will paraphrase.
other:Every cleaner scout and capital ship has a backup shield code.
other:It will deactivate the shields in an emergency.
other:If only we had that code...
other:...we could succeed in finally fighting them mano-a-mano.
ego:Classic.
other:Indeed.
ego:So, where do I get it, and how do you use it?
other:Good questions. Firstly we don't know where the code is.
other:Secondly, we aren't sure how to use it.
ego:Great, so you have no idea.
other:As of yet, no.
other:All we know is it exists. 
other:When we have it we will find its function and how to use it.
ego:How?
other:Top Droids.
other:With 133MHz CPUs. 
ego:Any ideas as to where you might find this code?
other:Yes we do. We could salvage one.
other:A recent report arrived of a derelict near an asteroid field.
other:The reason for its destruction is unknown....
other:...and the freighter who forwarded the info was destroyed...
other:...before it could divulge the location. 
other:All we know is it's in an asteroid belt, floating there.
ego:Which belts?
other:We have search parties out now, scouring each one for this floating package.
ego:So how can I help?
other:Would you consider helping us search?
ego:Where do you need me to go?
other:Should you choose to accept it...
other:...your search grid takes you to the systems, waessda and aresswa.
other:What do you say Captain?
option-on 1
option-on 2
return


@1 // Ok, I'll help.
ego:Ok, I'll help.
ego:I don't have plans this weekend anyway.
ego:Just tell me what you need doing.
other:Great. 
other:Go to waessda and aresswa and search the asteroid fields for devices.
other:If you find any, tractor-beam them back here.
other:We will get our head scientist to analyse them when he arrives here.
other:He is currently en route but travel is difficult at the moment...
other:...with F'Zuh's obsession with that prophecy.
other:He will kill you at all costs.
ego:He's gone as far as to destroy a system.
ego:I understand how much he wants me dead.
other:Be very careful. Those systems are swarming with pirates.
setMissionAnswer 1
stop

@2 // I can't right now, maybe later.
ego:I can't right now, maybe later.
other:I see. I can't say I understand.
other:You are currently wanted by the galactic police.
other:And by the council for crimes you did not commit.
other:You will have a hard time leading a normal life.
other:When you have seen sense and changed your mind..
other:Come back and let me know.
ego:Don't try guilt trippin' me.
ego:I'll do it when, and if, I feel like it.
setMissionAnswer 0
stop
